   **Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?**<br />
   This app was designed to allow individuals and organizations to manage an inventory of items by adding, deleting, and modifying items. A login screen was required, as well as functionality to send low inventory SMS alerts, if granted permission by the user. <br />
   **What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?**<br />
   My design consisted of four different screens. Throughout all of them, I kept a consistent color scheme and the same fonts. Font color was chosen to maximize visibility for the user. My first screen was the login screen that allowed a user to login or register for an account. There was also a button to reset the password, although its functionality was not implemented. This screen kept the user in mind by providing useful error messages whenever a field was empty or a username already existed. My main screen had a vertically stacked list of cards, each with the data about and inventory item and icons to delete or modify it. There was also a floating action button with a "+" sign to add a new item. The icons I used for each of these functions seemed like they would convey their function to a user clearly, even if they haven't used the app before. My third screen was used for both adding and modifying an item. It was a simple form with labeled fields for the different attributes of an item, with no room for misinterpretation. The button on that page said either "add" or "update", depending on the context. The last screen displayed the low item alerts. It was accessed by clicking the "bell" icon in the action bar. This allowed the users to view low item alerts, even if they disabled SMS alerts.<br />
   **How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?**<br />
I began by coding the main screen first and the associated classes and database. Then I created an adapter class to populate the recycler view in my main screen with information from the inventory database. Next, I did the login screen and the credential database and integrated it into the program. Next up was the functionality to add/delete/modify the items in the database when a certain button or icon was pressed. My last step was creating a page to display low inventory alerts, as well as a database to hold these alerts. I also integrated SMS alerts at this step. The credential and item databases were only accessed from a single activity and creating a new instance for them within that activity worked well enough. However, my alert database needed to be accessed from several places, so I had to implement a singleton pattern to return a single instance of it. In hindsight, I believe this would have been a good approach for all of my databases and would be a good technique to employ in the future. <br />
   **How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?**<br />
After adding any new features, I ran my code and tested out every feature to make sure my changes did not break an existing feature. I did this so that I could catch any problems early on before they became harder to diagnose and remediate. For example, when I added the feature to edit an item, it made it so that new items added only showed up in the recycler view when I navigated to another activity and then hit the “back” arrow. By testing frequently, I was able to narrow down the erroneous code.<br /> 
   **Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?**<br />
One challenge I encountered involved my icons to delete and modify an item on the item cards. I was able to get it mostly working but no matter what card I clicked on, the app would only delete or modify the first card on the screen. I was able to overcome this by changing my adapter from an array adapter to a recycler view adapter and creating a click listener that was implemented in the main activity. Then, I was able to modify the correct card view by using the findViewByPosition() function, based on the position the listener returned.<br />
   **In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?**<br />
I think my add/modify item screen demonstrated my skills with mobile development well. The content of this screen was dynamic, changing depending on which activity was invoked. These functions demonstrated how to both get extras from other activities and how to put extras into another activity and use these extras to modify the item database and the recycler view.<br />
